>> Spencer Schneidenbach: So today's
course was really about learning about
C-sharp and .NET specifically,
the ecosystem,
as well as all the tooling
that is available.
So we looked at the .NET Core CLI,
we looked at VS Code, and
we looked at a lot of Csharp.
What we went through the history why .NET
was relevant why it was created.
We went through a lot of the syntax.
We went through a lot of the syntax for C
sharp, a lot of the things that are built
in directly to it,
like the default types, classes.
We spend a lot of time talking about
classes, interfaces, inheritance, and
other things that are really
core to the language and
pretty much most other
programing languages.
But we talked about
the ones that are specific,
a lot of the ones that are specific to
.NET, such as Linq which is a really
powerful way of manipulating and
dealing with collections.
Finally, we ended with talking about a lot
of the APIs that is common to use in
.NET, things that you'll see
a lot of in your .NET journey,
including the file APIs, HTTP client,
JSON, and how you would convert to and
from it, and other important aspects
like asynchronous programming.
For those who wanna do
a little extra in the course,
there is a section on the hosting model
talking about some of the components of
the core host that is basically
the foundation for ASP.NET Core.
That said, we'll be covering a lot of
that in the ASP.NET Core course, and
that's where the rubber
really meets the road.
That's where we'll be able to take
everything that we've learned today and
apply it in a way that you can use to
create ASP.NET Core applications for
working with the React app or
exposing external data to a system.
All of that will be in the ASP.NET Core
course, which I hope you'll watch and
I hope you'll enjoy.
And thank you very much for your time and
I appreciate you all being here.
And thank you very much.
>> [APPLAUSE]